Hi, guys.
Welcome in this lecture, regular uploaded video.
Okay, not to do this, we're gonna need to go to our hap and then had video.
We're going to be out this video from the gallery and okay, we can just pick this make sure your the
video size is not really that large so it's not going to take time to upload.
Okay.
And okay, you can see now.
For the song name.
I can call this best song.
Okay.
And.
For the culture.
I can.
I can't say kids.
Kids just.
Plane.
Around.
The bush.
Okay.
Now click on share.
Now make sure you just click this was and go check it.
Tell me you didn't see some stuff going on there.
Okay.
Output.
And you can see it is currently pulled in and said it nearly finished uploading.
We want to go back to the previous screen, you can see.
That's what we did over a year.
Okay.
You can see that's what we did over here.
We said when they finish uploading, we want Dan to go back to.
That to us is going to take some time and.
Okay.
It's going to take some time depending on the video.
We are going to go because I think he's going to take us to the to the previous screen.
Right.
Okay.
This is taking longer than expected based on network.
Now, I already have done that before.
And you can see it over here.
You can see the uses we have and you can see the video and we've always said we want the video.
The idea of the video is the key.
We want the idea of the video to be how many video we have so far.
Right.
And that is why you see.
Zero value.
Right.
This is okay.
You can see it.
You can see we said videos in length and over here.
We are over here.
We are simply getting the length of the video that you can see.
Right.
Okay.
And.
Just to go to go to this and see if it's done.
Okay.
Videos.
You can see is done.
Okay.
Now let's check.
You can see, too, because back to the previous screen.
And this video weren't in this video, too.
So it is video one, right.
Or zero.
And this one.
Okay.
You can see the capture keys just playing around the bush and it has zero comment counts and zero likes.
You can see it is released.
Right.
Okay.
And this is the profile which you attached to the Google account.
And the share count is as well, zero.
And the song name is this song.
You can see the top there.
You can try to.
In concrete in a twilight zone of concurrency and openness.
Okay.
As well.
You can see we have.
The Stone Age activities were checked out quickly.
Okay.
That's what he told me.
You can see it automatically generated the image from the video.
You can see appreciate nature and.
You can see over there, you can see we have the thumbnails and we as well have the videos.
You can see for the now we have just two.
Images generated from the video.
There's going to be seen because I'll put this in the video.
Okay.
Okay as well.
We can then check for videos.
Okay.
You can see.
Over here video and you can see.
Okay.
You see, we can even play from here.
You can see.
Okay, that's very great.
Okay, now, if you have an issue, please do well to let me know.
Probably yours is not going to work exactly like mine.
So if you have any issues, please do let me know.
I'm always available to support you.
Okay, guys, see you in the next picture.